Debby had 32 pieces of candy while her sister had 42.
A pet store had 13 siamese cats and 5 house cats.
The school cafeteria ordered 42 red apples and 7 green apples for students lunches.
Lana picked 36 tulips and 37 roses to make flower bouquets.
Carol and her mom were picking carrots from their garden.
Roger had 16 dollars.
Rachel bought two coloring books.
Ned had to wash 9 short sleeve shirts and 21 long sleeve shirts before school.
Faye had 46 math problems and 9 science problems for homework.
Amy had 4 music files and 21 video files on her flash drive.
At the arcade, Tom won 32 tickets playing 'whack a mole' and 25 tickets playing 'skee ball'.
There were 39 girls and 4 boys trying out for the schools basketball team.
At the schools book fair Sam bought 13 adventure books and 17 mystery books.
Edward started his own lawn mowing business.
While shopping, Maria bought 35 green towels and 21 white towels.
A waiter at 'The Greasy Spoon' restaurant had 29 customers to wait on.
For the school bake sale Carol made 30 cupcakes.
A book store had 41 books in the bargin bin.
At the fair there were 9 people in line for the bumper cars.
Paige had 8 songs on her mp3 player.
Tiffany was playing a video game and had 43 lives.
Maria had 14 bottles of water in her fridge.(M)
At the town carnival Billy rode the ferris wheel 7 times and the bumper cars 3 times.
Chloe was unboxing some of her old winter clothes.
April's discount flowers was having a sale where each flower was 3 dollars.(M)
Isabel had 2 pages of math homework and 4 pages of reading homework.
Wendy was playing a video game where she scores 5 points for each treasure she finds.
There were 7 friends playing a video game online when 2 more players joined the game.
Paul bought 6 boxes of chocolate candy and 4 boxes of caramel candy.
A pet store has 6 bird cages.
Rachel was organizing her book case making sure each of the shelves had exactly 9 books on it.
At Billy's Restaurant a group with 2 adults and 5 children came in to eat.
While playing a trivia game, Adam answered 5 questions correct in the first half and 5 questions correct in the second half.
Haley's favorite band was holding a concert where tickets were 4 dollars each.
Luke was putting his spare change into piles.
Victor and his friend were buying trick decks from the magic shop for 8 dollars each.
Wendy bought 4 new chairs and 4 new tables for her house.
George was working as a sacker at a grocery store where he made 5 dollars an hour.
While shopping for music online, Megan bought 2 country albums and 8 pop albums.
A waiter had 6 tables he was waiting on, with 3 women and 5 men at each table.
Faye sold 3 bead necklaces and 7 gem stone necklaces.
Robin uploaded 35 pictures from her phone and 5 from her camera to facebook.
Olivia was making baggies of cookies with 9 cookies in each bag.
Luke made 9 dollars mowing lawns and 18 dollars weed eating.
There school's baseball team had 48 new players and 6 returning players.
For a birthday party Jerry bought 41 regular sodas and 22 diet sodas.
Paige and her friends were recycling paper for their class.
For homework Nancy had 17 math problems and 15 spelling problems.
The schools debate team had 11 boys and 45 girls on it.